RENTAL AGREEMENT

This RENTAL AGREEMENT is executed at Bengaluru on this 9th day of May, 2025 by and between:

Mr. Rajesh Kumar,
S/o. Mr. Suresh Kumar,
#15, 3rd Cross, Jayanagar 4th Block, Bengaluru - 560041,
(hereinafter jointly and severally called the “OWNER”, which expression shall include his heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns) of the ONE PART:

AND, in favour of:

Mr. Parikshith Sivakumar,
S/o. Mr. Sivakumar R,
Working at Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham, Bengaluru Campus,
Permanent Address: #8, 2nd Main Road, BTM Layout 1st Stage, Bengaluru - 560068,
(hereinafter called the “TENANT”, which expression shall include his legal representatives, successors, and assigns) of the OTHER PART.

WHEREAS the Owner is the absolute owner of the property situated at #112, 2nd Floor, 5th Main, HSR Layout Sector 7, Bengaluru - 560102, as detailed in Annexure-I, hereinafter referred to as the "Demised Premises".

WHEREAS the Tenant has requested the Owner to grant Rent with respect to the Schedule Premises and the Owner has agreed to rent out to the Tenant the Property with two-wheeler and four-wheeler parking space in the ground floor for residential purposes only, on the following terms and conditions:

NOW THIS DEED WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:
The rent in respect of the “Demised Premises” shall commence from 15th May 2025 and shall be valid till 14th May 2026. Thereafter, the same may be extended further on mutual consent of both the parties.

That the Tenant shall pay to the Owner a monthly rent of Rs. 18,000/- (Rupees Eighteen Thousand Only), excluding electricity and water bill. The rent shall be paid on or before 7th day of each month without fail.

That the Tenant shall pay to the Owner a monthly maintenance charge of Rs. 1,200/- towards the maintenance of Generator & Elevator, Salaries towards guards, Charges for Electricity Maintenance for Common Areas, Charges towards cleaning of Common Areas and towards maintaining the lawn.

That the Tenant shall pay for the running cost of elevator and generator separately to the Owner.

That during the Rent period, in addition to the rental amount payable to the Owner, the Tenant shall pay for the use of electricity and water as per bills received from the authorities concerned directly. For all the dues of electricity bills and water bills till the date the possession of the premises is handed over by the Owner to the Tenant, it is the responsibility of the Owner to pay and clear them. At the time of handing over possession of the premises back to the Owner by Tenant, it is the responsibility of the Tenant to pay electricity & water bills, as per meter readings, upto the date of vacation of the property.

The Tenant will pay to the Owner an interest-free refundable security deposit of Rs. 50,000/- (Rupees Fifty Thousand Only) vide cheque no. 987654 dated 9th May 2025 at the time of signing the Rent Agreement. The said amount shall be refunded by the Owner at the time of handover of the demised premises by the Tenant upon expiry or sooner termination of this Rent after adjusting any dues or damages, if any.

That all the sanitary, electrical, and other fittings and fixtures and appliances in the premises shall be handed over from the Owner to the Tenant in good working condition.

That the Tenant shall not sublet, assign or part with the demised premises in whole or part to any person under any circumstances and shall use the premises for bonafide residential purposes only.

That the day-to-day minor repairs shall be the responsibility of the Tenant. Structural or major repairs shall be undertaken by the Owner.

That no structural changes shall be made by the Tenant without prior written consent of the Owner. The Tenant can install ACs and other gadgets at his own cost and shall remove them and restore the condition at the time of vacating the premises.

That the Owner has the right to visit or inspect the demised premises not more than once a month with prior notice.

That the Tenant shall comply with all rules and regulations of the local authority applicable to the premises.

That the Owner shall pay all taxes and cesses levied on the property including property tax and welfare association fees.

That the Owner shall indemnify the Tenant against any claims, demands, or actions related to peaceful possession of the premises.

That this Rent Agreement can be terminated before the expiry by giving one month's prior written notice by either party.

That the Tenant shall maintain the property in good condition and hand over vacant possession upon termination or expiry of agreement.

That if the premises are not vacated at the end of the Rent period, the Tenant shall pay double the rent as damages, in addition to legal action by the Owner.

That both parties shall observe and adhere to all the terms and conditions mentioned herein.

That both parties confirm they are competent to enter into this agreement and have done so voluntarily.

That any disputes arising out of this agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the Bengaluru civil courts.

That the Rent Agreement will be registered in front of the Registrar and stamp duty, court fee & lawyer/coordinator charges will be equally borne by both parties.

ANNEXURE-I
The property located at #112, 2nd Floor, 5th Main, HSR Layout Sector 7, Bengaluru - 560102, consisting of 2 bedrooms, 1 living room, 1 kitchen, 1 balcony, and inbuilt fittings & fixtures and inventory of 4 Fans, 6 LED Lights, 1 Geyser, 2 Mirrors.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF BOTH PARTIES AGREE AND SIGN THIS AGREEMENT ON THIS DAY AND YEAR.

WITNESSES:
Ravi Shankar
(Signature)
#24, 1st Cross, Jayanagar 5th Block, Bengaluru - 560041

Meena Iyer
(Signature)
#99, 2nd Cross, Koramangala 6th Block, Bengaluru - 560095

(Signature of the Owner)
Mr. Rajesh Kumar
OWNER

(Signature of the Tenant)
Mr. Parikshith Sivakumar
TENANT

